certain people think about the game in a
different way they define the future of
football we caught up with Pep Guardiola
to find out what makes a world-class
team and it gamedayplus special
there are players who think more about
what the team needs and what is the best
solution for the team
of course control type of players like
Bisons first I go they played thinking
more about the team this kind of players
like intelligent player have a vision
about what the team needs that's why
there are layers who can definitely like
a control for what the trainer want of
the the team need and there are number
one enemy kills there another type of
players like are involving ok now I feel
I have to go inside because I want to
sit the ball and when you bring Chu and
I go into score
they play like in steel and his talent
they play outside of the field moments
who don't you know don't play a regular
e in the process to create the game but
we need this kind of players for the
last 50 20 meters they can create
absolutely everything and the trainer
can control that you cannot limit it
them like a cows control and you need
both so there are a part of the game or
part of the field and you need players
to analyze what you have to do and there
are another ones who have to be a little
bit free and show his talent as much as
possible
when you have a team you have a mix of
both both tapes both ideas as you you
are okay you are a bit been touched
you